[shopsys] add variant availabilities to product detail (#771)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/upgrade/UPGRADE-unreleased.md

### Application
- follow instructions in [the separate article](upgrade-instructions-for-read-model-for-product-lists.md) to introduce read model for frontend product lists into your project ([#1018](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1018))
    - we recommend to read [Introduction to Read Model](/docs/model/introduction-to-read-model.md) article

> - if you want to show availability of variants add these lines to `.table-variants` in `Product/detail.html.twig` [#771](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/771)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- add these lines to `.table-variants` in `Product/detail.html.twig` to display availability on product detail page in administration [#771](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/771)
```

    ```

>         <th class="table-variants__cell">{{ 'Availability'|trans }}</th>

Reviewer: Change this to diff please
